myVariable="Midwest Information Systems" - A Performer’s Paradise. 
A career at Midwest is rewarding, as Midwest being the India’s high standard IT service company in a high growth potential Indian IT market. With the scheduled expansion plan on the anvil, we offer you not only a challenging job in a fast-moving business environment but also a conducive work environment to exhibit your talent.
To be a part of Midwest Team: You have to live by our motto ‘passion for results’ and have the commitment to play a role in the Midwest's journey to success.
Career Development:
We believe in your development is linked to ours. We pride ourselves on encouraging our people to get the most out of their work. Our performance management programmes help to keep you updated about your own progress, as well as our feedback initiatives. We use the pragmatic assessment tools and techniques to make sure that rewards are shared fairly.
Work Environment:
Our workplace is a high-tech facility that creates a work environment that is open and engaging. At Midwest, teamwork is key. Surrounded by smart, resourceful people, you will notice a positive atmosphere that encourages exchange of ideas.
Our work environment not only enables you to work with dynamic people, but also encourages you to keep a healthy work/life balance. At Midwest we are also serious about fun!
Benefits and Rewards:
We endeavor to provide rewarding opportunities to all our employees. Part of the reward is doing top-quality, and challenging work. Part of it is the opportunity to grow and develop as a professional. In addition, our compensation is as per industry standards based on your skills and level of responsibility.
We believe in rewarding excellence and recognizing extra effort, a strong reflection of our core value-based culture. Our rewards and recognition programme has been specifically designed to help make sure that we recognize success in the areas that are important for our business.
Rewards at "Midwest"
                                      * Project Incentives
                                      * Surplus Variable Pay
                                      * Pat on Back
                                      * Quarterly Rewards
                                      * Annual Reward